http://www.mentaltoughnesstrainer.com Youth
Sports Parents Inspire Your Athletes
In this video, I'm going to talk directly
to parents of athletes and how to get your
kid to want to work out,train and practice.
I hear this complaint from parents quite often:
"He says he wants to get to the next level
but when I remind him he needs to run, lift
weights or do drills, he says he's tired
or has to do homework or some other excuse.
Parents. Stop preaching and nagging your athlete.
Instead, start INSPIRING them.
Think about this...when Wayne Gretzky was
a boy, nobody had to remind him to work on
his game. He did it out of sheer love, drive,
and desire for the game.He would practice
4-5 hours a day, every day as a kid! Parent's
this is what you want to foster in your child,
not an authoritarian punishment-based helicopter-parent
pushing.
How do you do that? By being expressive and
positive about what your kid does well and
asking for permission for how to best support
him. Instead of: Cindy, you need to make sure
you run 5 miles this week like the coach said.
You would say: Cindy, I just love it when
I see you running and
training to reach your dreams. You don't
know how good that makes me feel when you
tell me you are going to practice.
Instead of: Mike, you've got to work harder
than everyone else if you want to get a D1
scholarship. Try this: Mike, it is going to
be so exciting for you when you are
playing at the D1 level. I can't wait to
see you there being cheered on by a huge crowd....
Get your kid to buy into the reality of their
dream to feel it like you can. Paint the picture
for them and inspire them to achieve it.If
your young athlete has told you about a goal
like that, then talk to them like it's a
done deal that they are going to achieve it.
HELP them OWN it and become passionate about
it! That's how they will create their own
motivation to give 100% in training and practice.
Ultimately, it's got to come from within
and not from you.
If you really think that your child responds
better to the "pushing" then ASK them
how and when it would be appropriate to support
them that way. If you're pushing them and
they don't want it, then it's YOUR goal,
not theirs. Balance out the "pushing with
more INSPIRATION" and see how much more
powerful your influence can be.
I'm Craig Sigl, your mental toughness trainer
Visit http://www.teenmentaltoughness.com to
download FREE:
"The 10 Commandments For A Great Sports Parent"
ebook
Share this video with this link http://youtu.be/v6oj0M6DGtQ